I wanna stand in the middle as a man with a riddle.
With my arms out-stretched like a big erect.
Swing around 360 degrees.
With my eyes open.
Ears open.
My mouth tied shut.
I'll give you Everything, everything, everything now..
I can't sleep in the waiting room.
I can't find the keys that open those doors.
That let me on the stairs and onto the roof.
Where there's actually air.
Room to swing my fists.
My ears stop ringing.
I can hear everything.
I can't stand on only one leg.
The atom's broken and the strings are comin' loose.
Foundation isn't holdin' up the house So whats the use?
The dogs are barking.
Cats don't land on their feet.
Flash floods don't retreat.
Traffic lights take to much longer to change.
Well then, speed up, switch quick, and stop again.
Construction stops.
The sidewalks don't wad up today.
The birds fall into the nest and then soon.
You shouldn't wait.
You couldn't walk.
It wasn't written out in chalk.
It wasn't fate, It's not divine.
The lacerations in your spine.
But thats no way an excuse.
I could have been so much better for you.
You should take it out on me.
You won't take it out on me.
You should hate the water, you should hate the world.
You need to cut me out.
I'll only let you down.
You deserve attention, I can't give you that.
I shouldn't feel that every week I'm making promises I can't keep.
Well that's not fair, that's not right.
You're not sleeping much at night.
But I'm no good use.
And all I've done in half a year is send one letter out of here.
On your birthday Septembers end, and I haven't sent again.
Because it's no use.
Because I can't seem to stitch you.
We can't keep living if it's not what we are doing.
If all we are doing is waiting for death.
We can't keep working, watching the clock.
Putting on suits and failing our tests.
We can't keep sleeping through all our alarms.
We shouldn't set them at all.
We can't keep commuting, sitting on trains.
You had it right all along.
Now it all seems easy to me.
I threw the first stone, I broke the door.
Someone got stuck inside and fell to the floor.
I drove for hours, landlocked and blank.
Hills all around me with no one to thank.
Now when I got back here and climbed up my tree.
Nobody saw me, I watched them so carefully.
Trapped like mosquitoes sucking blood from your arms.
Crushed so serenely, without an alarm.
You still want me back.
In the room when it was cold.
We were locked and broken.
I count the copies, I kept receipts.
I kept the blisters on the bottom of my feet.
Well I'm your assistant or maybe you're mine.
Either way you see it, we won't make a dime.
We don't want it easy, we don't like the plot.
We don't take precaution when we know that we should.
If we both just admit it, that we both make mistakes.
I think we can handle all the change and the headache.
You still got me out.
You kicked me twice and took the keys and put them in my hands.
There's always something you're waiting on.
If you just go now, you can leave.
You can just go free.
I fell asleep, accidentally so.
I didn't wake up 'til an hour ago.
I stood in my window, still half-asleep.
With a stone in my hand, the criticisms I keep.
I can't write conclusions; they never make sense.
I can't end a story when I'm still on the fence.
I threw the last stone and that set me free.
I wrote no conclusion and came down from my tree.
Trees are still trees if their roots are not deep. Even if you remove them.
Branches and limbs are intangible things. That's a fact, but it's not been proven.
I am alive but I am not blinking.
I can't catch my breath, my ears are still ringing.
Pull up my roots, I am replanted.
I'm growing back, you can take it for granted.
I'll abandon my flaws if you call off this song.
Don't cut me down.
I was reeling with drought, so I moved up and out.
I stay in the ground.
Whether you're aware of your limbs or of your hair.
You're the spitting image of you in glass.
You've got scratches on your arms.
You sleep through car alarms.
Stealing all the cars as you sleep.
The knives can cut the locks.
We can set back all the clocks just to lose another hour away.
We'll live twice in every day.
We keep the sleep away.
I'll be good and keep my mouth shut.
I know I can breathe but that's not enough.
I feel like I'm sleeping and I can't wake up.
Ice-paved street.
Saved heat.
Running low.
Running out.
We made this river a wall.
It's a natural drought.
I can't feel a thing.
East blind to west.
I confess I've been tunneling through waiting to meet him.
In perfect positioning.
You know just what I'd do.
Nothing is waking up well.
Our hearts gone to hell.
So come on, Cold War's gotta stop.
Well something's walking us home.
Apart and alone.
Completely awake in the back of the car.
I don't drift anymore.
All's come into place and I unlock the door.
If you have to warm up you can go back inside.
I'm not gonna follow forward.
I've come to prefer sleeping outdoors.
Upstairs and downstairs and outside on the roof.
Small stars and steel bars.
The ghosts up in the attic tell the truth.
Standing on shingles at night.
Can't you see that there's a reason?
The plans aren't on the ground they're high and hanging down.
Well once I remember the words we can climb down from the rooftop.
I swear that I heard it right here, invasively clear.
Stuck to a growing black balloon.
My neighbors are slowly glowing maroon.
Don't throw away my broken telescopes.
Who has dragged you away? Who's that carrying the rope?
It's been a long time coming it's not up for debate.
You've been a hollowed-out apple though you're standing up straight.
It's later than you think and we're not gonna wait.
You continue to tell us: The universe is going to catch you.
The universe is going to catch you.
Well it was fine until you fell off of the face of the Earth.
We would call you at home and noone picked up the phone.
We were worried that you'd fallen in the river, or worse.
Then you sent us back a letter it said in capital letters THE UNIVERSE IS GOING TO CATCH YOU.
THE UNIVERSE IS GOING TO CATCH YOU.
Come back inside to this house, to your home.
Made of steel-structured styrofoam.
Nobody's out there.
Someone is singing you back to your birthplace.
That voice is the same voice you heard on the same night that everything glowed.
Took you into the air.
The arms of the Universe kept you from falling.
After that happened those arms did not come back.
When you leapt up and nobody caught you your neck broke.
It got cold in the snow and I just want to go home.
I thought the stars were inside.
I kept them hidden, I tried.
They kept screaming for release.
They picked me up off of my feet and brought me up through solid peace.
You can't stay for long.
I woke up without arms.
I stood up without arms.
I couldn't walk in direction with all this static reflection.
I was lost inside a map that I had written in a nap.
When I heard a voice where branches snap I followed it home.
I decided on that evening that I was through with sitting still.
I stood up and started moving with a childlike fascination.
For those doors that don't have locks and the stairways that were blocked.
So I dug through the obstruction put my fist around the railing.
Each step was far apart and far away from steps before it.
The air was getting thinner until I couldn't breathe at all.
If I happened to look behind me there were miles and miles of stairs.
I couldn't see the doorway but I knew that it was there.
On the last step I was dizzy.
There were stairs in all directions.
I found another door.
Through the door there was the attic.
Without old clothes.
Without a ceiling.
Everything had opened wide.
Into the jaws of something bigger.
Suddenly I saw that I was upstairs and outside and freezing on the roof.
Finally it had found me.
The answer, the feeling, and the truth.
I'm small.
I'm smaller than the smallest fireball.
When you were younger, you had nightmares.
You had scissor-pain and phantom limbs.
Things that kept you nervous through that twelve-year interim.
When you fell crossing that street.
South of Houston, old Manhattan land.
Those nightmares fell from building-tops and took you by the hand.
You were brought into those rooms.
Sliding curtains, shining children's heads.
One of them, that boy, was not as lucky as you then.
He returns to you at night.
Just when you think you might have fallen asleep.
His face is up against yours, and you're too terrified to speak.
Oh, Sylvia.
You may think that I'm not listening but I am, goddamn, I am.
I won't pretend I understand because I can't, and know I never will.
Something makes you sting and something makes you want to kill.
It made you crawl under that house.
Stick your head under the stove.
It's all connected.
In those complicated nightmares that you wove.
I wish that I had known in that first minute we met, the unpayable debt that I owed you..
You'd been abused by that bone that refused you.
You hired me to make up for that.
Walking in that room when you had tubes in your arms.
Those singing morphine alarms out of tune.
They kept you sleeping and eating.
I didn't believe them when they called you a hurricane thunderclap..
.
When I was checking vitals I suggested a smile.
You didn't talk for awhile, you were freezing.
You said you hated my tone, it made you feel so alone.
You told me I ought to be leaving.
Something kept me standing by that hospital bed.
I should have quit but instead I took care of you.
You made me sleep all uneven.
I didn't believe them when they told me that there was no saving you.
Please, curtains in..
Start us off...You swing first..
Sorry. I don't know what I said, but you're crying now again, and that only makes it worse.
Let me do my job.
Sylvia, get your head out of the oven.
Go back to screaming, and cursing.
Remind me again how everyone betrayed you.
Sylvia, get your head out of the covers.
Let me take your temperature.
You can throw the thermometer right back at me, if that's what you want to do, okay?
Please, please calm down.
Steady out, I'm terrified.
Sorry, I want us to ally, but you swing on little knives.
They're only sharp on one side.
Sylvia, can't you see what you are doing?
Can't you see I'm scared to speak, and I hate my voice 'cause it only makes you angry?
Sylvia, I only talk when you are sleeping.
That's when I tell you everything.
I imagine that somehow you're going to hear me....
You've been living awhile in the front of my skull, making orders.
You've been writing me rules, shrinking maps, redrawing borders.
I've been repeating your speeches but the audience just doesn't follow.
I'm leaving out words, punctuation and it sounds pretty hollow.
I've been living in bed because now you tell me to sleep.
I've been hiding my voice and my face and you decide when I eat.
In your dreams I'm a criminal, horrible, sleeping around.
While you're awake, I'm impossible, constantly letting you down.
Little porcelain figurines.
Glass bullets you shoot at the wall.
Threats of castration for crimes you imagine when I miss your call.
Tthe bite of the teeth of that ring on my finger.
I'm bound to your bedside, your eulogy singer.
I'd happily take all those bullets inside you and put them inside of my self.
Someone, oh anyone, tell me how to stop this.
She's screaming, expiring and I'm her only witness.
I'm freezing, infected, and rigid in that room insider her.
No one's gonna come as long as I lay still in bed beside her.
There's a bear inside your stomach.
A cub's been kicking from within.
He's loud, though without vocal cords, we'll put an end to him.
We'll make all the right appointments no one ever has to know.
Then tomorrow I'll turn twenty-one, we'll script another show.
We'll play charades up in the Chelsea.
Drink champagne, although you shouldn't be.
We'll be blind and dumb until we fall asleep.
None of our friends will come.
They dodge our calls, and they have for quite awhile now.
It's not a shock, you don't seem to mind.
I just can't see how.
We're too old.
We're not old at all.
A cub's been kicking you for weeks.
If this isn't all a dream, well than we'll cut him from beneath.
We're not scared of making caves, or finding food for him to eat.
We're terrified of one another.
Terrified of what that means.
We'll make only quick decisions.
You'll just keep me in the waiting room.
I'll know we're fucked, and not getting un-fucked soon.
When we get home we're bigger strangers than we've ever been before.
You sit in front of snowy television, suitcase on the floor.
Pull me out.
Can't you stop this all from happening?
Close the doors and keep them out..
Dig me out.
Couldn't you have kept this all from happening?
Dig me out from under our house.
In the middle of the night I was sleeping sitting up.
A doctor came to tell me, Enough is enough..
He brought me out into the hall I could have sworn it was haunted.
Something that I didn't know that I wanted to hear.
There was nothing that I could do to save you.
The choirs gonna sing, and this thing is gonna kill you.
Something in my throat made my next words shake.
Something in the wires made the light bulbs break.
There was glass inside my feet and raining down from the ceiling.
It opened up the scars that had just finished healing.
It tore apart the canyon running down your femur.
I though that it was beautiful, it made me a believer.
As it opened I could hear you howling from your room.
I hid out in the hall until the hurricane blew.
I reappeared and tried to give you something for the pain.
You came to hating me again, and just sang your refrain.
You had a new dream, it was more like a nightmare.
You were just a little kid, and they cut your hair.
They stuck you in machines, you came so close to dying.
They should have listened, they thought that you were lying.
Daddy was an asshole, he fucked you up.
Built the gears in your head, now he greases them up.
No one paid attention when you just stopped eating.
Eighty seven pounds! and this all bears repeating.
Tell me when you think that we became so unhappy.
Wearing silver rings with nobody clapping.
When we moved here together we were so disappointed.
Sleeping out of tune with our dreams disjointed.
It killed me to see you getting always rejected.
I didn't mind the things you threw, the phones I deflected.
I didn't mind you blaming me for your mistakes.
I just held you in the door frame through all of the earthquakes.
You packed up your clothes in that bag every night.
I would try to grab your ankles, what a pitiful sight.
After over a year, I stopped trying to stop you.
Stomping out that door, coming back like you always do.
Well no one's gonna fix it for us, no one can.
You say that no one's gonna listen, no one understands.
There's no open doors, and there's no way to get though.
There's no other witnesses, just us two.
There's two people living in one small room.
Your two half-families tearing at you.
Two ways to tell the story, no one worries.
Two silver rings on our fingers in a hurry.
Two people talking inside your brain.
Two people believing that I'm the one to blame.
Two different voices coming out of your mouth.
I'm too cold to care and too sick to shout.
Suddenly every machine stopped at once.
The monitors beeped the last time.
Hundreds of thousands of hospital beds.
All of them empty but mine.
I was lying down with my feet in the air, completely unable to move.
The bed was misshapen, and awkward and tall.
Clearly intended for you.
You checked yourself out when you put me to bed and tore that old band off your wrist.
You came back to see me for a minute or less, and left me your ring in my fist.
My hair started growing, my face became yours.
My femur was breaking in half.
The sensation was scissors and too much to scream.
Instead, I just started to laugh.
With the door closed, shades drawn, the world shrinks.
Let's open up those blinds.
Someone has to sweep the floor, pick up her dirty clothes.
That job's not mine.
Now that everyone's an enemy, my heart sinks.
Let's put away those claws.
I don't blame them for their curtain-calls because I pulled the rope.
I wanna call them back out for applause.
Spring and Thompson on the first of May is horrible.
We hid in catacombs.
So now I'm sleeping next to mousetraps, in a bed of all our clothes.
I hope that she won't come home.
It was easier to lock the doors and kill the phones than to show my skin.
The hardest thing is never to repent for someone else, it's letting people in.
You can come inside, unlock the door, take off your shoes, but this might take all night.
I would have walked out those sliding doors, but the timing never seemed right.
When your helicopter came and tried to lift me out, I put its rope around my neck.
After that you didn't bother with the airlift or the rescue.
You knew just what to expect.
With the door closed, shades drawn, we're dead enough.
They don't open from outside.
Someone has to speak with their teeth behind their tongue, to never let that right be denied.
We can't rely on photographs and visitation time.
I just don't know where to begin.
I wanna bust down the door, if you're willing to forgive.
I've got the keys, I'm letting people in.
Don't be scared to speak.
Don't speak with someone's tooth.
Don't bargain when you're weak.
Don't take that sharp abuse.
Some patients can't be saved, but that burden's not on you.
Don't ever let anyone tell you you deserve that.
In a nightmare, I am falling from the ceiling into bed beside you.
You're asleep, I'm screaming, shoving you to try to wake you up.
Like before, you've got no interest in the life you live when you're awake.
Your dreams still follow storylines, like fictions you would make.
I lie down against your back, until we're both back in the hospital.
Now it's not a cancer ward, we're sleeping in the morgue.
Men and women in blue and white, they are singing all around you.
Heavy shovels holding earth.
You're being buried to you neck.
In that hospital bed, being buried quite alive now.
I'm trying to dig you out but all you want is to be buried there together.
You're screaming, and cursing, and angry, and hurting me.
Then smiling, and crying, apologizing.
I've woken up, I'm in our bed, but there's no breathing body there beside me.
Someone must have taken you while I was stuck asleep.
I know better as my eyes adjust you've been gone for quite awhile now.
I don't work there in the hospital, they had to let me go.
When I try to move my arms sometimes, they weigh too much to lift.
I think you buried me awake (my one and only parting gift).
You return to me at night, just when I think I may have fallen asleep.
Your face is up against mine, and I'm too terrified to speak.
You wanna climb up the stairs.
I wanna push you back down.
I let you inside, so you can push me around.
If I leave before you, and I walk out alone.
Keep your hands to yourself when you follow me home.
I don't want love.
We wake up with pounding heads.
Bruised down below.
I should have built better walls or slept in my clothes.
So if I see you again, desperate and stoned.
Keep your prison locked up.
I will leave my gun at home.
Every time we speak, you are spitting in my mouth.
If I don't take you somewhere else, I'm gonna pull my teeth right out.
Every time we meet, you are shrieking in my ear.
If I don't take you somewhere else, you're gonna make this sin sincere.
Come on.
Everyone I loved kept me tangled in my heart.
You'll tie that knot a bit too loose.
Not enough to tease apart.
Everyone I hold holds me strangled, sweet and smart.
I'm not a puppy you take home.
Don't bother trying to fix my heart.
One broken wing.
Soaring and suffering.
Arm in a sling.
I don't owe you anything.
I'm a bad absentee.
You know when I want to leave.
So close up your knees and I'll close your parentheses.
I'm a bad amputee.
No phantom memory.
If I never get back home, there's no garden overgrown.
No widows in the walls.
No widows left alone.
No shirts to hang or fold.
No kid out in the cold.
No widows on the walls.
No widows on the phone.
If I'm stuck out here alone, if I'm stranded here all year.
Just nothing left at home.
No widows disappear.
If the wheels jump off the road.
There's no widows left to know.
No perfect love above.
No punishment below.
When they shake, say the wings won't break.
Pulled together but about to burst apart.
Rolled together with a burning paper heart.
One bad night I'll hold the glass until the glass can hold me down.
One bad night I'll spill and spill until my feet begin to drown.
One bad night I'll hear you calling me to help you not pass out.
You and I, divine but not devout.
Every night my teeth are falling out.
Try it.
Get your jaw off the floor.
One dumb night I'll make a point to take an old verboten route.
One dumb night I'll take you out, to the bar we've both blacked out.
One dumb night two bad decisions don't divide to cancel out.
So loud.
Slow down.
Slow hound.
They want to conquer you.
Abandon you.
I want to burden you.
Belong to you.
They want to think for you.
Pour drinks into you.
They want to look at you.
I look everywhere for you.
I want to sever you.
Defend against you.
I want to speak for you.
I know what you'll do.
By the time that we woke up, we couldn't stop the sparks.
We couldn't see outside, when the curtains fell apart.
We couldn't hear the books when the pages curled away.
We should shut that window we both left open now.
We lost our chance to run.
Now the door's too hot to touch.
We should hold our breaths with mouths together now.
Prove to me I'm not gonna die alone.
Put your arm around my collarbone and open the door.
Don't lie to me if you're putting the dog to sleep.
That pet you just couldn't keep, and couldn't afford.
Unstitch that shit I've sewn.
Close up the hole that tore through my skin.
My trust in you is a dog with a broken leg.
Tendons too torn to beg for you to let me back in.
You said, “I can't prove to you you're not gonna die alone.
Trust me to take you home.
Clean up that blood all over your paws.
You can't keep running out.
Kicking yourself off the bed.
Kicking yourself in the head.
You're kicking me too.
Put your trust in me, I'm not gonna die alone.
I'm not gonna die alone... I don't think so...
Waking up... I'm not awake.
The planet drowns in a hundred days.
Dissolving into a million pieces in a billion places.
A million pieces in a billion places.
Slow it down...
Wait it out...
“We can't run, but we can go swimming...”.
Diving in late at night.
We come together.
If I seem much different.
More removed.
If I seem distracted.
It's not from you.
If I'm really here now, in a place and time.
Does someone look just like me on another side?
If you receive a letter in two-thousand twelve, it could be the last letter you could send to yourself.
On an endless ladder.
Climbing higher.
Crawling out.
So I feel much different.
So confused.
So I feel refracted.
Split in twenty-two.
So I'm really here now, in a place and time.
I know I might not be on another side.
If I receive a letter from 2017, I would know how to read it, but not what it means.
Wait in the dark for me.
Wait 'til you hear my feet.
Through and through.
They want to walk all over you.
Run where they can't follow.
Wait underwater with me.
Swim 'til you're half asleep.
They wanna sink and maroon you.
Float on your back, take me.
Closer to truth, but much, much further.
Zelda, you asked me to wake you.
I woke up before you.
You were still stuck inside.
I'm here to tell you, We're not awake yet.
We live between two worlds.
A tunnel with two lights.
Pitch black in the middle.
Like a dream's dream.
A copy's copy.
It's just not important.
The small things we suffer.
They're infinitesimal.
We swim in an ocean.
It swims between us.
You were simpler, you were lighter when we thought like little kids.
Like a weightless, hate-less animal.
Beautifully oblivious before you were hid.
Inside a stranger you grew into as you learned to disconnect.
Now he hangs your mirrors separately so one can't show you what the other reflects.
When he heard I was on his tail, he emptied your account.
A part of you that's so invaluable.
The part of you unsellable at any amount.
He left the tallest peak of your paradise buried in the bottom of a canyon in hell.
I swear I'll find your light in the middle.
There's so little late at night, down in the pit of the well.
Heaven has a line around the corner.
We shouldn't have to wait around and hope to get in.
If we can carpenter a home in our heart right now and carve a palace from within.
We won't need to take a ton of pictures.
It won't be easy to believe.
The day we wake inside a secret place that everyone can see.
Can you hear me when I'm trapped behind the mirror?
A doppelgänger roaring from my silent kind of furor?
If you're quiet, you can hear the monster breathing.
Do you hear that gentle tapping?
My ugly creature's freezing.
Now's he howling, but I'm muted by the horror.
How he's everywhere and waiting.
Now he's just around the corner.
Paranoia backward whispering on my shoulder.
Like a wasp is getting nervous.
If I shiver... man, it's over.
In the hotel, I can't remember how the past felt.
I rent a blank room to stop living in my past self.
Fuck now, I'm outta here tomorrow.
When I check out, it won't matter how my name's spelled.
When you pass through, you only keep what you can't sell.
In a strange bed, I keep sleeping with my past self.
Maybe when I'm older, I'll be clearer.
More attuned and understanding.
Well, I'm ready.
I wrote a list of my demands and then I burned an older version.
So to start with, I'll start over.
I'll cut my hair and cut the power.
So who am I without weapons?
Without defense to arm my guards against intruders.
Well this is my house, so fuck your doubts and your cute battalion.
I'm steady.
When my double scales the wall, I'll know exactly where he's landing and I’ll surprise him.
Then when he's captured, with his hands bound, I beg for answers to all my questions.
What happened?
Why'd you let me let you in when I was younger?
And why'd I need to?
From a stage in your heart.
I can tell that you're far from yourself.
You barter your lust for your health.
You claim it's all a play, and you just don't care.
I only stare.
I'm a director watching you rehearse.
You say, Lend me your eyes to evolve from that actor I fight in the dark.
I'm two twins I can't tell apart.
You remember which is which when the wrong man wins.
You will hate who you are 'til you overthrow who you've been.
How'd you expect your soul to send a whole patrol.
You were too far gone for me to know where to find you.
I've wandered out alone into your cold unknown to try to bring you home.
So you forgot your way?
I'm trying to remind you.
Some unfamiliar faces came to shop in our old house.
I didn't bother trying to stop them until they emptied it out.
I was standing by the front door, stuffing cash in a jar.
Taking payment for our failures.
I only wanted to alarm you.
When they asked me for directions, I sold them our map.
I sold our shovels and our flashlights.
They took our duffel bag with a ton of room, but a broken strap.
The hungry patrons hit the graveyard.
I lit a joint in the house where there was nothing but our mattress.
The same soft shelter of sheets where nobody found us.
I let them strip your mausoleum so nothing was left.
They forgot to close the casket.
They sent you shivering to my doorstep.
Gently clawing at my window when I was less than awake.
I slid it up for you to slither through.
I heard you howling Just take me!.
Just take me to the rusty city we perfected.
That holy summer we first found.
The place you're stubbornly protecting is the only pretty thing that we own now.
We can stay here to wither in your garden of eden.
Your fantasy's a prison.
You're serving a sentence you can't stop repeating.
Can you see the secret exit?
The false wall in obsession?
You'll only fitt through the doorway when you relinquish your possessions.
So leave everything you've stolen that you can't give back.
Don't replace what you've been missing until you know what you're lacking.
Leave everything you've borrowed and kept for yourself.
You can't unbreak our broken leases holding on to broken pieces, so return them.
No guilt, no sorry speeches.
Right when the blizzard ends, they throw a fucking huge parade.
A great excuse for celebration of the mess they've made.
When the streets get flooded, we know what proximity's worth.
We're already here, in the same place when our phones don't work.
We lie down in our field and just do nothing at all.
I'm getting ready for when everything is wonderful.
Just a couple pairs of broken bones with broken feathers in blood.
In a meadow, uncut and understood.
We can be an island apart from a ceaseless war on our heart.
Harbored in a fortress insurmountable.
Taller than affliction, safe wherever we are.
Erasing horror and disgust.
Rewinding the sorrow and the rust.
Before our suffering's suffering.
Hadn't we suffered enough?
On the morning that we're both 19 and newly on our own.
All we know is “each other” and invisible homes.
We find two empty seats in the back of a car in an empty parking lot.
All our bridges are abandoned and the cops have forgot.
I can feel the difference when the day begins.
All I know is, This year will be the year we win..
We smoke the paper from the banner from our past parades.
Start again, before the memory of the mess we've made.
Well I hope, when you can't hear what I am thinking.
I can't always talk but I'm always listening.
In an absence, where you hate to feel uncared for.
Pretending there's nothing that you're not prepared for.
Who are you lapping when you're running from surrender?
Life is a fatal race for all contenders.
Find the peace within the combat where we're standing.
We have to make our history less commanding.
Well, our mercy is a boundary we'll surrender.
Love is a safer place we both remember.
An old estate that stands in no location.
At the edge of an age of endless renovation.
And while all that noise competes for our attention.
We'll meet on a quiet field in our own dimension.
We'll step inside a world far less demanding when we allow for something less commanding.
When you lift me out of me...
When you lift me out of me will I know when I've changed?
And when you bring me back to me, will you bring me back to me, un-estranged?
Man, you're already home and you don't even know it.
You have a room you can return to, and you'll never outgrow it.
See, you're already home when you don't know where to find it.
It's not our house that we remember.
It's a feeling outside it.
When everyone's gone but we leave all the lights on anyway.
